--- 
layout: article 
title: "Ciao Rick" 
date:  15-9-2008
modified: 
excerpt: "..." 
categories: [Musica]
tags:
image: 
  feature: 
  teaser: teaser/rick.jpg
  thumb: 
share: true
comments: true
--- 
Mi stavo accingendo un post per festeggiare il compleanno dell'album Wish You Were Here, ma purtroppo devo scrivere, con le dita tremanti, della morte di Richard Wright, avvenuta oggi dopo una breve lotta contro il cancro.
>Wright's spokesman said: "The family of Richard Wright, founder member of >Pink Floyd, announce with great sadness that Richard died today after a >short struggle with cancer.
>
>"The family have asked that their privacy is respected at this difficult time."
[BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/entertainment/7617363.stm)

Grazie Rick, di tutto.

>**RICHARD WRIGHT**
>No one can replace Richard Wright.
>He was my musical partner and my friend.
>In the welter of arguments about who or what was Pink Floyd, Rick's enormous >input was frequently forgotten.
>He was gentle, unassuming and private but his soulful voice and playing were >vital, magical components of our most recognised Pink Floyd sound.I have >never played with anyone quite like him. The blend of his and my voices and >our musical telepathy reached their first major flowering in 1971 on >'Echoes'.In my view all the greatest PF moments are the ones where he is in >full flow. After all, without 'Us and Them' and 'The Great Gig In The Sky', >both of which he wrote, what would 'The Dark Side Of The Moon' have been?>Without his quiet touch the Album 'Wish You Were Here' would not quite have >worked.
>In our middle years, for many reasons he lost his way for a while, but in >the early Nineties, with 'The Division Bell', his vitality, spark and humour >returned to him and then the audience reaction to his appearances on my tour >in 2006 was hugely uplifting and it's a mark of his modesty that those >standing ovations came as a huge surprise to him, (though not to the rest of >us).
>Like Rick, I don't find it easy to express my feelings in words, but I loved >him and will miss him enormously.
>
>*David Gilmour*
>Monday 15th September 2008
